User Scenario 1
The first user of our parking lot availability app is Alfred Pennyworth. Alfred is a 21 year old senior computer science student at RPI. He currently lives at City Station West which is a bit ways off the heart of campus. He drives a 1997 Toyota Camry to get groceries, get to the library, and get to various events at the Union. Alfred is set on finishing strong in his school work and graduating this year.  Because of his immense college debt, he is highly motivated to get a good job and start living his life. Because this is his primary and sole reason for his investment here at RPI, he finds he has very little free time. In the little time he has to spare, he enjoys playing League of Legends just to keep his mind sane.

Lately, Alfred has been troubled by the parking situation at City Station West. Here's how parking currently works at City Station. There are two parking lots. The one located directly on the apartment block is the main lot. Once that gets filled you will have to drive all the way back up the hill to the overflow lot which is a block across from the apartment. The overflow lot is significantly farther than the main lot and is burdensome especially when carrying heavy books, project materials, groceries, etc… Ideally, one would want to park in the main lot but the problem is that because of its premium location, it gets filled up quickly.  Alfred, because of his strong motivation to get good grades and graduate with a good job, often stays up late doing work in the library. When he finally finishes his homework around 2 am, he gets in his car and drives back to his apartment. When he arrives at the main lot, he is annoyed and frustrated to find that it is completely filled up and is forced to drive back up the hill to the overflow lot and walk back down to the apartment. Alfred does not want to deal with this additional stress after all the stress he's currently dealing with from his school work. 

The solution to Alfred’s problems lies in the simplicity, convenience, and easy of use of our parking lot availability web application. Before Alfred leaves the library to start driving home, he pulls out his phone and browses to our parking lot available website. This website supports parking lot availability for thousands of parking lots across the nation. Alfred has bookmarked the two RPI parking lots by City Station West into his favorites bar. He clicks on the main lot and sees that 0 parking spaces are currently available while 6 spots remain in the overflow lot. Thanks to this information, Alfred can now save time, hassle and stress since he knows exactly where he needs to go to find parking without driving around wasting his life away.  Alfred has achieved his goal of removing one less hurdle on his path to success. 

The attractiveness of the parking lot availability app lies in its clean, modern and elegant user interface. It is very easy for new customers to pick up and start using. On the home page of the site, the user is greeted by a warm welcome to the time and stress saving tool. If the user is looking for a spot for the first time, he or she will either enter the location of the destination they are going to be traveling to or select a location that they have previously bookmarked on the site. From there, they site will show you all parking lots in a x-mile radius from that location. The radius can be configured from 1 to 5 miles. Next to each parking lot, there will be a number showing the amount of spots available as well as the maximum number of spots the lot has. These numbers are updated in real time. 

User Scenario 2
The second user of our parking lot availability app is Diana Prince. Diana is a 43 year old working, single mom. She lives with her two sons on the outskirts of New York City and has to drive into Manhattan every morning for work. Manhattan during weekdays is the definition of chaos. For Diana, navigating through the tight and packed streets, in her 2007 Honda CR-V, to find parking has been a great source of stress for her. Because of the sheer amount of people in the city, parking spots quickly fill up which results in Diana having to drive door to door looking for an available lot. As a hard working single mom, Diana is doing everything she can to provide for her children and dealing with petty things like trying to find parking should be the least of her concerns. Diana is motivated to do well on her year end performance assessment and get a salary raise from $90k to $100k. In her very limited free time, she enjoys yoga to keep herself sane. 

Given Diana’s lifestyle, our parking lot availability application is a great way for her to save time, money, and stress before her daily grind. It is Monday morning and Diana has just left the house to head to work. When she enters Manhattan, she pulls over for a quick second to bring up the parking lot availability web app. She notices that the only available lot left is 4 blocks from her location. The app then navigates her to that location. Diana has found this whole process to be simple and effective. It has accomplished her goal of saving time, money, and stress. She is now a regular user of the app and can't possibly imaging going back to a lifestyle of driving around endlessly looking for a parking spot. 
